README.md, before:

# Google Slides for R

[![Travis build status](https://travis-ci.org/hairizuanbinnoorazman/rgoogleslides.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/hairizuanbinnoorazman/rgoogleslides)

[![AppVeyor build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/hairizuanbinnoorazman/rgoogleslides?branch=master&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/hairizuanbinnoorazman/rgoogleslides)

This package is wrapper around the Google Slides API and it serves to power data flows from R environment to Google Slides.

You can install the package by going through the following:

```
install.packages("devtools")
library(devtools)
devtools::install_github("hairizuanbinnoorazman/rgoogleslides", build_vignettes = TRUE)
```

If you encounter a bug while using the package, take a screenshot of the error and file an issue on this repository.

# Examples and Blog Posts

The package has undergone several incompatible changes between v0.1.0 to v0.2.0. The current package is being targeted for v0.3.0 release soon
For latest news and examples of how to use the rgoogleslides package, go to the following blog:
https://www.hairizuan.com/tags/rgoogleslides/

# Status of package

Package is usable and can be used for automating workflows. Package being targeted to hit CRAN sometime by end of this year.

Commit message:

chore: Updated package metadata file for package release. #29

README.md, after:

# Google Slides for R

[![Travis build status](https://travis-ci.org/hairizuanbinnoorazman/rgoogleslides.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/hairizuanbinnoorazman/rgoogleslides)

[![AppVeyor build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/hairizuanbinnoorazman/rgoogleslides?branch=master&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/hairizuanbinnoorazman/rgoogleslides)

This package is wrapper around the Google Slides API and it serves to power data flows from R environment to Google Slides.

The package is available on CRAN. You can install the package using the following:

```
install.packages("rgoogleslides")
```

```
install.packages("devtools")
library(devtools)
devtools::install_github("hairizuanbinnoorazman/rgoogleslides", build_vignettes = TRUE)
```

If you encounter a bug while using the package, take a screenshot of the error and file an issue on this repository.

# Examples and Blog Posts

For latest news and examples of how to use the rgoogleslides package, go to the following blog:
https://www.hairizuan.com/tags/rgoogleslides/
